Evolve: Monster Guide THE WRAITH, How to Dominate and Win, All Evolutions, Abilities and Powers
Hey what is happening guys, Kris here and
in this video ill be giving you a complete
guide to the Wraith monster in evolve, telling
you about all its abilities, its general features
and how to use it effectively against them
hunters.
So the wraith is the stealthy, sneaky type
of monster in evolve better suited for deceiving
the hunters and using psychic energy powers
to teleport and traverse the map. Shes a much
more agile monster than the others, traversing
the map and using some super speedy attacks
on her enemies. The Wraith has less health
and armour than the other monsters, but she
makes up for it with a higher level of mobility,
and fast hitting attacks. Instead of eating
her prey, she uses energy to liquidize them,
and then just simply drinks them up, her special
powers defiantly turn her into a different
monster than the others. To move around, the
wraith actually levitates and can quickly
teleport forwards, boosting in a specific
direction, this can get her out of some tricky
situations with the hunters and allow her
to cover more ground.
So the Wraiths abilities are all energy related
and include abduction, warp blast, Decoy and
Supernova.
The abduction ability allows the Wraith to
quickly teleport in from a distance, towards
and enemy or prey, and grab them, after this
she teleports backwards and deals damage,
Its a good ability to use to separate a hunter
from the others and do damage to them, and
even finishing off and singling out an enemy
low on health, delivering that final blow.
Its also a good move to use the abduction
ability on wildlife running away, as you can
easily catch them this way. You need to aim
the wraith in the direction of your target
to initiate the abduction and once you manage
to grab your target, the wraith will automatically
teleport them back to your initial position,
once separated from the group, its best to
deal as much damage as you can to your enemy,
killing them if you can.
The warp blast is a great crowd control ability,
the wraith flys forwards towards wherever
aimed, and creates an explosion dealing damage
to anyone or anything caught within it, the
blast also pushes away everyone nearby. This
is a good ability to use against clusters
of hunters all close by each other, as you
can deal damage to several targets at a time,
its also good for quickly taking out smaller
forms of wildlife and taking out a large chunk
of health from bigger creatures.
The decoy ability turns you invisible, and
the wraith summons a secondary version of
itself, this will then go after the hunters
and wildlife for a few seconds attacking them
with melee, giving you a chance to escape
or move position. The decoy looks almost identical
to the real wraith making it a really good
ability to trick other hunters, it can be
helpful when hunters are getting close to
you in the early evolution stages and you
can trick them by sending it at them to keep
them busy whilst you run away. Though watch
out if you do this as the trapper might bring
the dome up as soon as the decoy gets close
to them, so make sure theres a bit of distance
between you and the hunters first. You can
also pounce on a hunter whilst they are distracted
by the decoy and deal a heavy amount of damage.
If you start to attack or teleport, the decoy
will disappear and your invisibility will
wear off so make sure that you have a good
plan of attack if youre low on health.
And the last skill that the wraith has under
its belt is the supernova ability, The wraith
creates a small arena like area, in which
she gains a speed and damage boost, being
able to viciously attack her enemies in a
devastating frenzy, The supernova ability
is only effective when the wraith is within
its arena, and the damage and speed buffs
will disappear if you leave it, so its best
to use this ability when you get up close
to the target you want to damage and then
use it. The supernova ability is a really
good option to use and you should use the
ability a lot, you can kill the hunters really
quick with this one.
So due to the wraiths low health and armour
and its quicker, stealthier like nature its
better suited to sneaking up on targets, zipping
in and out of combat to deal some high close
up damage and to retreat before she loses
all her health. The wraiths attacks can be
really brutal when combined and used one after
the other, a cool thing about the supernova
ability is that the supernova effect is also
given to the wraith decoy, so when combined
the two abilities can work really well together,
and itll let you and your decoy attack at
the same time. You have to act fast whilst
being the wraith as you cant stay in battle
for too long so, quick decisions as to whether
or not to stay in the fight, or run away to
rebuild your armour are often needed. And
just because you can levitate, doesnt mean
that you dont leave any footprints, try working
that one out.
So thats my Guide to using the wraith monster
successfully in evolve, make sure you check
out my other evolve guides and things on my
channel, give this video a like if you found
it helpful and subscribe to stay updated with
all of my latest content, thanks for watching
and ill see you, in the next video!